MAN Guide
========

Welcome! This offline guide explains MAN's common services and error codes.
It is available without an internet connection. The language follows the
system language for the surrounding desktop; technical command names and
error codes remain unchanged so they can be searched reliably.

How to use MAN
--------------
Open the app launcher, choose an application, and use its Help action whenever
you need guidance. Help articles are local, safe, and remain available offline.
Settings changes are reversible unless a page clearly says that a disk will be
erased. Keep error codes when requesting support.

Applications and App Depot
--------------------------
App Depot uses Flathub. Select an application, review its permissions, and
choose Install. If it does not start, open Settings > Privacy and Security >
App Permissions and review the application's sandbox permissions.

Network and internet
--------------------
NetworkManager automatically configures wired UTM networking and refreshes DNS
after link or DHCP changes. Check the Network applet first; it is safe to wait
for automatic reconnection.

Getting started
---------------
* App Depot installs applications from Flathub.
* Network settings are managed by NetworkManager.
* Privacy and Security contains App Permissions for Flatpak applications.
* Settings includes accessibility options such as Reduce motion.

When something goes wrong
-------------------------
MAN should first explain what happened in friendly language, then show an
error code. Search that code in this document or run:

    man-help ERROR-CODE

Keep the complete code when asking for support. It identifies the operation
and the safe next step without exposing personal files.

Common error codes
------------------
ERROR MAN-NET-0001
  MAN could not obtain a network address. Check that the VM network adapter
  is enabled, then wait for NetworkManager to reconnect automatically.

ERROR MAN-NET-0002
  The network link is up but DNS is unavailable. MAN refreshes DNS after each
  DHCP renewal; restarting the connection from Network settings is safe.

ERROR MAN-APP-0001
  An application could not be installed. Confirm free disk space and retry;
  App Depot will not leave a partial installation active.

ERROR MAN-APP-0002
  An application installed but did not launch. Open App Depot details and
  check its permissions in Settings > Privacy and Security > App Permissions.

ERROR MAN-INSTALL-0001
  The installer could not write the selected disk. Verify the disk selection,
  unmount it, and retry. Destructive disk operations always require consent.

ERROR MAN-HELP-0001
  The local help document is missing. Reinstall the MAN base system.

Troubleshooting commands
------------------------
Network status:  nmcli general status
Devices:         nmcli device status
Flatpak remotes: flatpak remotes --system
System log:      logread

MAN Guide is intentionally local and safe to use offline.
